Adding section in usage docs for setting custom timeout (#149)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-cli: docs/usage.md

3. `--output status` returns the status of the authentication and the cache.
4. `--output none` returns nothing.

## Setting custom timeout

> Azureauth currently defaults to 15 minutes timeout. You can also set your custom timeout in minutes which can be a decimal number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azureauth defaults to a 15 minute timeout. You can override this with a custom timeout value using `--timeout`. The value is interpreted as a decimal number of minutes. The example below will wait 10 minutes and 45 seconds.
```
